stage-1/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

update README.md file to include a description of the task and my experience building the project.

stage-1/README.md, after:

# Stage 1: HNG Internship 9

This folder contains the source code for my Stage 1 task in the [HNG Internship 9.](https://internship.zuri.team/hngi9)
<br />
<br />

## Task Brief

We were asked to make a page like linktree that has profile information about a person and has links leading to various places in the internet. Like external links or digital products.

The design was provided in Figma with pre-defined styles and elements.

Our job was to bring the design to life using React and deploy the page.
<br />
<br />

## What I loved about this task

- I loved the challenge of having to figure out the width of the device in use and using that information to conditionally render the share button.

- I got to build the tooltip on the share button from scratch and control it's visibitlity based on a peer's hover state.

- I also loved implimenting slight changes to an element's appearance based on different states like hover, focus, and disabled.

- Tailwindcss really made my development experience better and faster as it helped me implemet a lot of css with comparatively fewer lines.
<br />
<br />

## Challenges I faced.
- I've noticed I don't have a strong foundational knowledge on React Hooks. I now intend to do a deep dive and make sure I understand these concepts better.

- I'm transitioning to us typescript more and more. I sometimes got stuck in the huge project figuring out types but with experience this will become better.
